Productos/Servicios (items de juego):
-“Automaton´s Command Rod”:
Description: A stylus that grants precise decision making
Effect: Allows the player to reattempt a question if the first answer was incorrect. it can only be used once every  4 questions
Related Service: Control Systems (PLCs and DCS)

-Oracle´s Data sphere:
Description: A pendant that provides deep insights
Effect: Offers a hint for the most valuable answer, increasing the chance to score 3 points. Usable every 3 questions
Related service: Information Solutions (MES, Analytics, Data integration)

-Insight PLI Oracle
Description: An oracle that empoes the player ith profound data insights for better decision making
Effects: Enhances the player's ability to predict outcomes, leading to improved accuracy and reduced errors in their answers.
Related Services: Product Lifecycle Intelligence (PLI) with Machine Learning
Description: PLI uses advanced analytics and machine learning to mine insights from PLM data, improving metrics like design failure prediction, time to market, and part error detection. It helps identify patterns, form predictions, and prescribe improvements to product development processes.

-The innovator's Analogical Ring
Description: A Ring that grants the wearer the power to boost his creativity and bring products to market with unparalleled efficiency.
Effects: Boosts points earned by +2 for accurate answers about digital and collaborative environments, if the choosen answer was incorrect it gives them 1 point minimun, Usable Once per quiz.
Related Services: Digital Product Creation (DPC) for Consumer & Retail Companies
Description: DPC leverages 3D design tools and other digital capabilities to create, manufacture, and sell products in a virtual, collaborative environment. It enhances time-to-market, sustainability, profits, and reduces costs and waste.

-Integrator´s Key
Description: A magical key that simplifies access to all necessary information and connects disparate systems into a unified interface.
Effects: Allos the player to integrate different sources to gain a better understanding of the subject (The minimum points you can get is 1 point, in case of failing)
Related Services: Connected Role-Based Apps for Integrated Enterprise.
Description: These apps aggregate data from multiple systems into a single portal, providing role-based access and simplifying navigation. They enable faster decision-making, improve collaboration, and reduce the complexity of working with siloed systems.


-Visionary´s Automaton mirror:
Description: A mirror thaat predicts the best strategy
Effect: Simmulates different answer choices, showing the outcome of each before the player commits to an answers. Usable every Five questions
Related Service: (AI, Machine Learning, Digital Twins)
